Update faq.md (#19026)
expo/expo: docs/pages/introduction/faq.md

In addition to the questions below, see the [forums](https://forums.expo.dev/) for more common questions and answers. Some of this information is repeated from earlier sections of the introduction but we include it here for comprehensiveness.

<Collapsible summary="What is Expo used for?">

> Expo is an [open-source framework](https://github.com/expo/expo/) for React Native that allows you to develop cross-platform mobile applications using both JavaScript and React. Learn more about [what Expo offers](/introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expo is an [open-source framework](https://github.com/expo/expo/) for React Native that allows you to develop cross-platform mobile applications and web applications using both JavaScript and React. Learn more about [what Expo offers](/introduction).
```

Maybe we can mention web too?

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Do companies use Expo?">

> Yes, Expo is used by top companies all around the world, serving hundreds of millions of end users. See our [showcase](https://expo.dev/customers) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes, Expo is used by top companies worldwide, serving hundreds of millions of end users. See our [showcase](https://expo.dev/customers) to learn more.
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Is Expo Go open source?">

Yes, the source for Expo Go can be found in the [expo/expo GitHub repository](https://github.com/expo/expo) in the `home`, `ios`, and `android` directories. The Expo Go app is also built with Expo and React Native!

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Who created Expo?">

> Expo and Expo Application Services are developed by [650 industries](https://expo.dev/about). 650 industries a is a California-based company that was founded by [Charlie Cheever](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlie_Cheever) and [James Ide](https://jameside.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Expo and Expo Application Services (EAS) are developed by [650 industries](https://expo.dev/about). 650 industries is a California-based company that was founded by [Charlie Cheever](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlie_Cheever) and [James Ide](https://jameside.com/).
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Why does Expo have its own SDK?">

> When Expo was first created, React Native had yet to be publicly released, meaning there were no third-party packages. In order to make the developer experience of React Native reasonable, we created a number of libraries for common functionality. Many of these libraries have since been forked and modified to meet various needs, we welcome users to mix and match whichever custom native code they need to make their app great.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Expo was first created, React Native had yet to be publicly released. This means there were no third-party packages. To make the developer experience of React Native reasonable, we created several libraries to achieve common functionalities. Many of these libraries have since been forked and modified to meet various needs. We welcome users to mix and match whichever custom native code they need to make their app great.
```

> The Expo SDK is well tested, written in TypeScript, documented, and built for iOS, Android, and web. Every module in the Expo SDK works together to ensure versioning always matches, this creates a nice upgrading experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Expo SDK is well tested, written in TypeScript, documented, and built for Android, iOS, and the web. Every module in the Expo SDK works together to ensure versioning always matches. This creates a nice upgrading experience.
```

> The Expo SDK is also written with the [Expo native API](/modules) to make it easier to contribute, maintain, and understand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Expo SDK is also written with the [Expo native API](/modules) to make contributing, maintaining, and understanding easier.
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Can I use Expo with this web library?">

> Many popular web packages like three.js or Firebase work with Expo and React Native. Check out the [Expo examples](https://github.com/expo/examples) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many popular web packages such as three.js or Firebase work with Expo and React Native. Check out the [Expo examples](https://github.com/expo/examples) to learn more.
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Can I use Expo with my native library?">

> You can use native iOS and Android libraries with Expo by creating a [custom native module](/modules/) with Swift and Kotlin. Many popular libraries already have custom native modules, check out our [React Native directory](https://reactnative.directory/) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use native iOS and Android libraries with Expo by creating a [custom native module](/modules/) with Swift and Kotlin. Many popular libraries already have custom native modules. Check out our [React Native directory](https://reactnative.directory/) to learn more.
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Is Expo similar to React for web development?">

Expo is a framework for React Native, which is a library for building iOS and Android apps. React Native is similar to `react-dom` for web development, enabling you to run React on a particular platform, but it has a few key differences:

- React Native does not support HTML or CSS.

> - Instead of using the DOM, React Native uses native components. `<View />` instead of `<div />`, for example. Native components are more performant than the DOM and provide a much nicer user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Instead of using the DOM, React Native uses native components. For example, `<View />` instead of `<div />`. Native components are more performant than the DOM and provide a much nicer user experience.
```

- Unlike React.js which has access to browser APIs, React Native uses custom native APIs. For example, instead of `navigator.geolocation`, you use `expo-location` to access the user's location. Custom native APIs are similar to browser APIs except you have full control over them. This means you can access new features before they are available in the browser.

> In the same way React.js frameworks help users create larger websites with ease, Expo helps users create larger apps with ease. Expo provides a suite of well-tested React Native modules that run on iOS, Android, and web. Expo also provides a suite of tools for building, deploying, and updating your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the same way React.js frameworks help users create larger websites with ease, Expo helps users create larger apps with ease. Expo provides a suite of well-tested React Native modules that run on Android, iOS, and the web. Expo also provides a suite of tools for building, deploying, and updating your app.
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Can I use Expo in my app that I created with React Native CLI?">

Yes! All Expo tools and services work great in any React Native app. For example, you can use any part of the [Expo SDK](/versions/latest/), [expo-dev-client](/development/installation) and EAS Build, Submit, and Update — they work great! Learn more about [installing `expo` in your project](/bare/installing-expo-modules), [adopting prebuild](/guides/adopting-prebuild), and [setting up EAS Build](/build/introduction).

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="How do I share my Expo project? Can I submit it to the app stores?">

The fastest way to share your project is to publish with [EAS Update](/eas-update/introduction) and launch in a [development build](/development/introduction). This gives your app a URL; you can share this URL with anybody who has the Expo Go app for Android or the [development build](/development/introduction.md) for iOS or Android.

> When you're ready, you can create a production build (**.ipa** and **.aab**) to submit to the app stores. You can build your app in a single command with [EAS Build](/build/introduction) and submit to the stores with [EAS Submit](/submit/introduction).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When ready, you can create a production build (**.ipa** and **.aab**) to submit to the app stores. You can build your app in a single command with [EAS Build](/build/introduction) and submit it to the stores with [EAS Submit](/submit/introduction).
```

Expo adds [features and functionality](/introduction/) to React Native projects, with very minimal overhead. You can use any custom native code with Expo by creating a [development build](/development/introduction). We offer a [local](/workflow/expo-cli#compiling) and [cloud solution](/build/index) for creating development builds.

**Previously** Expo had large native binary sizes and didn't support custom native code without "ejecting". These issues went away in December 2020 when we released [EAS Build](/build/index.md) which supports any React Native app. The concept of "ejecting" was replaced by the popular [Expo Prebuild](/workflow/prebuild) feature which has been around since SDK 41 (April 2021). The `expo eject` command was fully deprecated in Expo SDK 46 (August 2022).

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="What happens when you eject Expo?">

Expo eject was replaced by the popular [`npx expo prebuild`](/workflow/prebuild) command which continuously generates native projects for you based on the libraries in your project and the Expo config (**app.json**). Learn more in the [Expo Prebuild documentation](/workflow/prebuild).

> Unlike `expo eject` library authors can configure their libraries to work with Expo Prebuild by creating a [config plugin](/guides/config-plugins). This means you can use any library with Expo Prebuild. You can also use any custom native code with Expo Prebuild by creating a [development build](/development/introduction).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike the `expo eject` library, authors can configure their libraries to work with Expo Prebuild by creating a [config plugin](/guides/config-plugins). This means you can use any library with Expo Prebuild. You can also use any custom native code with Expo Prebuild by creating a [development build](/development/introduction).
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Should I use Expo CLI or React Native CLI?">

Expo CLI can be used simultaneously with React Native CLI. Expo CLI provides the same core functionality as React Native CLI, and additional functionality like automatic [TypeScript setup](/guides/typescript), [web support](/workflow/web), [auto installing compatible libraries](/workflow/expo-cli#install), [improved native build commands](/workflow/expo-cli#compiling), [tunneling](/workflow/expo-cli#tunneling), [prebuild](/workflow/prebuild), [and more](/workflow/expo-cli).

Regardless of which CLI you use, you can use any part of the [Expo SDK](/versions/latest/) and [Expo Application Services](/eas/index) with your project.

</Collapsible>

## Up next

> The time has come to write some code. Almost. First, we need to install a couple tools. [Continue to "Installation"](/get-started/installation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The time has come to write some code. First, we need to install a couple of tools. Continue to [Installation](/get-started/installation) to get started.
```

Unrelated to the PR, but I think this is a nice change to have.
